README.md, before:

# datapath-generator
really cool program to generate datapaths

This program takes high level pseudo code and converts it using C++ to verilog. This is done by first reading in the input .txt file and parsing relevant information into data structures. These data structures are then evaluated for completeness and thoroughly error checked. The .v template is formed and the variables and operations are filled in appropriately, constructing a verilog implementation of the high level pseudo code.

| Contributors              | Net Id          | Course | Task                                                               |
|---------------------------|-----------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Amir Mohammad Asdagh Pour | asdaghpour      | 513    | Critical Path Design and Implementation                            |
| Alex F Reyes              | alexanderfreyes | 413    | Cmake List generation, Testing on ECE3 server                      |
| Connor Jusitin Musick     | cjmusick        | 413    | File input and information parsing, Testing in Vivado              |
| Miranda Hampton           | mirandahampton  | 413    | File input and information parsing, Error checking                 |
| Kris Rockowitz            | rockowitzks     | 513    | Verilog translation, Error checking, Output, Critical Path framing |

This is not an *efficient* way to do this, but it is *a* way.

# critical paths (please verify):
M1
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

M2
ADD 7.270000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 10.872000
Critical Path : 10.872 ns

M3
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

S1
MUL 7.811000 SUB 5.569000 REG 3.061000 Total Latency = 16.441000
Critical Path : 16.441 ns

S2
MUX2x1 8.079000 MUX2x1 8.079000 SHR 8.819000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 28.579000
Critical Path : 28.579 ns

S3
ADD 7.270000 ADD 7.270000 ADD 7.270000 SHR 8.819000 SHR 8.819000 SHR 8.819000 REG 3.061000 Total Latency = 51.327999
Critical Path : 51.328 ns

S4
ADD 9.566000 COMP 8.416000 SHL 11.220000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 32.804001
Critical Path : 32.804 ns

S5
MOD 250.582993 COMP 8.416000 MUX2x1 8.766000 REG 3.966000 Total Latency = 271.730988
Critical Path : 271.731 ns

S6
MOD 250.582993 COMP 8.416000 MUX2x1 8.766000 REG 3.966000 Total Latency = 271.730988
Critical Path : 271.731 ns

U1
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

U2
ADD 7.270000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 10.872000
Critical Path : 10.872 ns

U3
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

Commit message:

updated with critical paths, recently added section

README.md, after:

# datapath-generator
really cool program to generate datapaths

This program takes high level pseudo code and converts it using C++ to verilog. This is done by first reading in the input .txt file and parsing relevant information into data structures. These data structures are then evaluated for completeness and thoroughly error checked. The .v template is formed and the variables and operations are filled in appropriately, constructing a verilog implementation of the high level pseudo code.

| Contributors              | Net Id          | Course | Task                                                               |
|---------------------------|-----------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Amir Mohammad Asdagh Pour | asdaghpour      | 513    | Critical Path Design and Implementation                            |
| Alex F Reyes              | alexanderfreyes | 413    | Cmake List generation, Testing on ECE3 server                      |
| Connor Jusitin Musick     | cjmusick        | 413    | File input and information parsing, Testing in Vivado              |
| Miranda Hampton           | mirandahampton  | 413    | File input and information parsing, Error checking                 |
| Kris Rockowitz            | rockowitzks     | 513    | Verilog translation, Error checking, Output, Critical Path framing |

This is not an *efficient* way to do this, but it is *a* way.

# recently added:
dpgen_withCritPath.cpp : This implements a DFS to find critical paths, complete with cout. Will need to comment out printing of individual components and latencies before submitting.
processedCircuits: This contains all circuits processed by the new dpgen with critical path enabled. Please check these to ensure they make sense.

# critical paths (please verify):
M1
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

M2
ADD 7.270000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 10.872000
Critical Path : 10.872 ns

M3
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

S1
MUL 7.811000 SUB 5.569000 REG 3.061000 Total Latency = 16.441000
Critical Path : 16.441 ns

S2
MUX2x1 8.079000 MUX2x1 8.079000 SHR 8.819000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 28.579000
Critical Path : 28.579 ns

S3
ADD 7.270000 ADD 7.270000 ADD 7.270000 SHR 8.819000 SHR 8.819000 SHR 8.819000 REG 3.061000 Total Latency = 51.327999
Critical Path : 51.328 ns

S4
ADD 9.566000 COMP 8.416000 SHL 11.220000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 32.804001
Critical Path : 32.804 ns

S5
MOD 250.582993 COMP 8.416000 MUX2x1 8.766000 REG 3.966000 Total Latency = 271.730988
Critical Path : 271.731 ns

S6
MOD 250.582993 COMP 8.416000 MUX2x1 8.766000 REG 3.966000 Total Latency = 271.730988
Critical Path : 271.731 ns

U1
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns

U2
ADD 7.270000 REG 3.602000 Total Latency = 10.872000
Critical Path : 10.872 ns

U3
ADD 4.924000 REG 2.879000 Total Latency = 7.802999
Critical Path : 7.803 ns
